LoNTrader (Legends of Norrath Trader) is a personal project I created and worked on during the 2006-2009 timeframe, approximately. It's a Windows C++ application (~35,000 lines) for automated trading of digital trading cards in the Legends of Norrath digital trading card game. Legends of Norrath has since been shut down, so I figured I'd put the code online for no particular reason, other than to pique or satisfy the curiousity of the curious.

LoNTrader uses the "DataPipeline" framework, which is a lightweight multi-threaded data-processing framework that I wrote along with this application, and have used for other applications. The Data Pipeline consists of three states: Acquire, Translate, and Execute.  

For LoNTrader, the Acquire handler was a separate thread that would take screenshots of the application every second or so, and queue those up for the Translate handler. The Translate handler would look at each bitmap, and using "DCR" or digital character recognition (also custom built, and part of this package), or matching other small source bitmaps, would determine what the contents of the screenshot wer, whether it had an "game text" on it, and, for example, where buttons or text fields were that could be interacted with. It would package up this "translated data" and push it to the Execute handler, where an action or command would be excuted. For example, identification of a Login screen bitmap would result in Username and Password being entered into their respective fields, and the "Login" button being clicked (which would then result in a new image appearing in subsequently acquired images from the Acquire handler, and the cycle continues).

NOTE: I recently unearthed this code from an old archive and got it compiling under VS2015 community edition. I had to make a few changes and comment out some bits due to changes to C++ since the time I wrote it, and due to the fact that the PipelineManager evolved beyond what it looked like when I originaly wrote it for LoNTrader. None of the comment-outs were too drastic, and I usually left a // NOTE commented out to get this compiling, comment nearby.

So it should all compile, but it will not link unless you have the boost_1_37_0 headers and libraries also built and in the path. I may wrangle with that at some later date.
